[Music]
[Music] then they told David look the
then they told David look the
then they told David look the Philistines are fighting against Kyla
Philistines are fighting against Kyla
Philistines are fighting against Kyla and they are robbing the threshing
and they are robbing the threshing
and they are robbing the threshing floors
floors
floors therefore David inquired of the Lord
therefore David inquired of the Lord
therefore David inquired of the Lord shall I go and attack these Philistines
shall I go and attack these Philistines
shall I go and attack these Philistines go and attack the Philistines and save
go and attack the Philistines and save
go and attack the Philistines and save kill but David's men said to him look we
kill but David's men said to him look we
kill but David's men said to him look we are afraid here in Judah how much more
are afraid here in Judah how much more
are afraid here in Judah how much more than if we go to Kyla against the armies
than if we go to Kyla against the armies
than if we go to Kyla against the armies of the Philistines then David inquired
of the Philistines then David inquired
of the Philistines then David inquired of the Lord once again and the Lord
of the Lord once again and the Lord
of the Lord once again and the Lord answered him arise go down to Kiana for
answered him arise go down to Kiana for
answered him arise go down to Kiana for I will deliver the Philistines into your
I will deliver the Philistines into your
I will deliver the Philistines into your hand David and his men went to Key
hand David and his men went to Key
hand David and his men went to Key Island and fought with the Philistines
Island and fought with the Philistines
Island and fought with the Philistines and struck them with a mighty blow and
and struck them with a mighty blow and
and struck them with a mighty blow and took away their life stone
took away their life stone
took away their life stone so David saved the inhabitants of key
so David saved the inhabitants of key
so David saved the inhabitants of key island
now it happens when a buyer fur the son
now it happens when a buyer fur the son of Ahimelech fled to david at key either
of Ahimelech fled to david at key either
of Ahimelech fled to david at key either that he went down with an effort in his
that he went down with an effort in his
that he went down with an effort in his hand and soul was told that david had
hand and soul was told that david had
hand and soul was told that david had gone to get Ayana so saul said God has
gone to get Ayana so saul said God has
gone to get Ayana so saul said God has delivered him into my hand but he has
delivered him into my hand but he has
delivered him into my hand but he has shut himself in by entering a town that
shut himself in by entering a town that
shut himself in by entering a town that has eight sandbars then Saul called all
has eight sandbars then Saul called all
has eight sandbars then Saul called all the people together for war to go down
the people together for war to go down
the people together for war to go down to ki Allah to beseech David and his men
to ki Allah to beseech David and his men
to ki Allah to beseech David and his men when David knew that Saul plotted evil
when David knew that Saul plotted evil
when David knew that Saul plotted evil against him he said to abaya the priests
against him he said to abaya the priests
against him he said to abaya the priests bring the ephod here
bring the ephod here
bring the ephod here o Lord God of Israel your servant has
o Lord God of Israel your servant has
o Lord God of Israel your servant has certainly heard that soul seeks to come
certainly heard that soul seeks to come
certainly heard that soul seeks to come to ki ila to destroy the city for my
to ki ila to destroy the city for my
to ki ila to destroy the city for my sake for the men of ki ila deliver me
sake for the men of ki ila deliver me
sake for the men of ki ila deliver me into his hand will Saul come down as
into his hand will Saul come down as
into his hand will Saul come down as your servant has heard O Lord God of
your servant has heard O Lord God of
your servant has heard O Lord God of Israel
Israel
Israel I pray tell your servant he will come
I pray tell your servant he will come
I pray tell your servant he will come down will the men of ki ila deliver me
down will the men of ki ila deliver me
down will the men of ki ila deliver me and my men into the hand of Saul they
and my men into the hand of Saul they
and my men into the hand of Saul they will
so David and his men about 600 arose and
so David and his men about 600 arose and departed from key islands and went
departed from key islands and went
departed from key islands and went wherever they could go then it was told
wherever they could go then it was told
wherever they could go then it was told soul that David had escaped from key
soul that David had escaped from key
soul that David had escaped from key isla so he halted the expedition and
isla so he halted the expedition and
isla so he halted the expedition and David stayed in strongholds in the
David stayed in strongholds in the
David stayed in strongholds in the wilderness and remained in the mountains
wilderness and remained in the mountains
wilderness and remained in the mountains in the wilderness of Ziff Saul sought
in the wilderness of Ziff Saul sought
in the wilderness of Ziff Saul sought him every day but God did not deliver
him every day but God did not deliver
him every day but God did not deliver him into his hand
him into his hand
him into his hand so David saw that Saul had come out to
so David saw that Saul had come out to
so David saw that Saul had come out to seek his life and David was in the
seek his life and David was in the
seek his life and David was in the wilderness of Ziff in a forest then
wilderness of Ziff in a forest then
wilderness of Ziff in a forest then Jonathan Saul's son arose and went to
Jonathan Saul's son arose and went to
Jonathan Saul's son arose and went to David in the woods and strengthened his
David in the woods and strengthened his
David in the woods and strengthened his hand in God and he said to him do not
hand in God and he said to him do not
hand in God and he said to him do not fear for the hand of Saul my father
fear for the hand of Saul my father
fear for the hand of Saul my father shall not find you you shall be king
shall not find you you shall be king
shall not find you you shall be king over Israel and I shall be next to you
over Israel and I shall be next to you
over Israel and I shall be next to you even my father Saul knows that so the
even my father Saul knows that so the
even my father Saul knows that so the two of them made a covenant before the
two of them made a covenant before the
two of them made a covenant before the Lord and David stayed in the woods and
Lord and David stayed in the woods and
Lord and David stayed in the woods and Jonathan went to his own house
Jonathan went to his own house
Jonathan went to his own house then the ZIF i'ts came up to seoul at
then the ZIF i'ts came up to seoul at
then the ZIF i'ts came up to seoul at Gibeah is David not hiding with us in
Gibeah is David not hiding with us in
Gibeah is David not hiding with us in strongholds in the woods in the hill of
strongholds in the woods in the hill of
strongholds in the woods in the hill of her Kaila which is on the south of Josh
her Kaila which is on the south of Josh
her Kaila which is on the south of Josh Hyman now therefore o King come down
Hyman now therefore o King come down
Hyman now therefore o King come down according to all the desire of your soul
according to all the desire of your soul
according to all the desire of your soul to come down in our part shall be to
to come down in our part shall be to
to come down in our part shall be to deliver him into the King's hand
deliver him into the King's hand
deliver him into the King's hand blessed are you of the Lord for you have
blessed are you of the Lord for you have
blessed are you of the Lord for you have compassion on me please go and find out
compassion on me please go and find out
compassion on me please go and find out for sure and see the place where his
for sure and see the place where his
for sure and see the place where his hideout is and who has seen him there
hideout is and who has seen him there
hideout is and who has seen him there but I am told he is very crafty see
but I am told he is very crafty see
but I am told he is very crafty see therefore and take knowledge of all the
therefore and take knowledge of all the
therefore and take knowledge of all the lurking places where he hides and come
lurking places where he hides and come
lurking places where he hides and come back to me with certainty and I will go
back to me with certainty and I will go
back to me with certainty and I will go with you
with you
with you and it shall be if he is in the land
and it shall be if he is in the land
and it shall be if he is in the land that I will search for him throughout
that I will search for him throughout
that I will search for him throughout all the cleanse of Judah
all the cleanse of Judah
all the cleanse of Judah so they arose and went to Ziff before
so they arose and went to Ziff before
so they arose and went to Ziff before Saul but David and his men were in the
Saul but David and his men were in the
Saul but David and his men were in the wilderness of man in the plain on the
wilderness of man in the plain on the
wilderness of man in the plain on the south of Juche ayman when saul and his
south of Juche ayman when saul and his
south of Juche ayman when saul and his men went to seek him
men went to seek him
men went to seek him they told David therefore he went down
they told David therefore he went down
they told David therefore he went down to the rock and stayed in the wilderness
to the rock and stayed in the wilderness
to the rock and stayed in the wilderness of man and when saw heard that he
of man and when saw heard that he
of man and when saw heard that he pursued David in the wilderness of man
pursued David in the wilderness of man
pursued David in the wilderness of man and Saul went on one side of the
and Saul went on one side of the
and Saul went on one side of the mountain and David and his men on the
mountain and David and his men on the
mountain and David and his men on the other side of the mountain so David made
other side of the mountain so David made
other side of the mountain so David made haste to get away from Sol for Saul and
haste to get away from Sol for Saul and
haste to get away from Sol for Saul and his men were inserting David and his men
his men were inserting David and his men
his men were inserting David and his men to take them but a messenger came to
to take them but a messenger came to
to take them but a messenger came to Seoul hurry had come for the Philistines
Seoul hurry had come for the Philistines
Seoul hurry had come for the Philistines have invaded the land
have invaded the land
have invaded the land therefore salt returned from the suing
therefore salt returned from the suing
therefore salt returned from the suing David and went against the Philistines
David and went against the Philistines
David and went against the Philistines so they called that place the rock of
so they called that place the rock of
so they called that place the rock of escape and David went up from there and
escape and David went up from there and
escape and David went up from there and dwelt in strongholds at Engedi